November 16th-

The package dwcodebook is a simple DataWeb like codebook generator. The idea is to start with a dataframe and create a variable description dataframe as if you were creating an annotateddataframe.
This description file is currently defined as having at least 4 columns (var, label, form[or other info], group1). The form column can be blank. The group columns are named and should contain TRUE/FALSE for group membership.
The function createcb will then create a codebook by sorting the variables into the groups specified and then create a histogram or table depending on the number of different observations.
The function will then compile the codebook and add the index. It is important that Sweave.sty be in your search path. If it is not, then you can fix that by creating a directory
"~/latex" and adding the following to your .bashrc

export TEXINPUTS=".:~/latex/:"
export BIBINPUTS=".:~/latex/:"

How to use:
	To create a simple codebook from a dataframe named "df" that has 1 group with all the variables, you can run:
	
	library(dwcodebook)
	mydd=blankdd(df)
	createcb("my codebbook title", "df", "mydd", fname="mycodebookfile")
	
	This should create a file called mycodebookfile.pdf

Notes:

The new version contains a few functions to help create the variable info dataframes.
	The function blankdd(df) creates a blank variable dataframe from the dataframe df.
	The function parsesascontents(ifile,ofile,addallvars) reads a SAS proc contents file (ifile) and creates a csv (ofile) in the format of the variable data dictionary.
		The option addallvars adds a column with all TRUES so that the file can be used to create a codebook immediately with one group using createcb().
		If addallvars is set to FALSE, then you will need to add columns for group membership.

Other note: The reason the variable dataframe has an extra column is to make realistic use easier. The use case that lead to this package was a data dictionary that had a column for
form that I used to create the variable groupings programmatically. This column could contain any information that might be useful in that vein and should be included for reproducibility

